
Alex Franklin #2342810
Lewis Innes-Miller #2339230
Meredith White 2340884
Dustin Ruck 


END GOAL

PRIMARY
To market our brand to our target audience

SECONDARY
To show off how we are brewing beer in an ecologically responsible way and to showcase our participation in trade shows. Attract some sponsors.



TARGET AUDIENCE 
Our target audience is primarily eco-conscious millennials, as well as potential sponsors. 


IDEAS TO MARKET CONTENT TOWARD AUDIENCE

Home

	About
		Our story (who are the bros? Year established, millennial signalling (new gen of family tradition?), image of owners/staff, lead into mission)

		Mission (ecological flavour, buzzwords, list initiatives/pledges, make the customer feel like they are helping the planet by buying, vague stock images)

		The brewery (location, history (eg building or town), brewing technique, what it's like to visit, images of brewing equipment, taproom, bottles/cans, happy customers)

	Events
		Introduction, set the brewery in the trade show scene

		Trade show 1-4. Each show: large image, title, date, link for more info or to rsvp, possibly short description to talk it up

		Stay tuned for more events (offer email signup)

		Past successful events (images with captions and/or links)

	Products

		Overview (foodie buzzwords, talk up quality, craftsmanship, brewing philosophy)

		Featured beers (image, brief description)

		Possibly showcase or discuss one beer that the brewery is famous for (tie into history)
		Come try at the taproom

	Contact
		Address (map image?)
		Operating hours
		Phone
		Email
		Form in site?
		Links to social accounts
		Newsletter sign up

CONTENT 
Home page 
About Us 
Events
Our Beers
Our Brewery 
Contact Us


FUTURE CONSIDERATIONS
An FAQ
A Blog
A privacy policy 
“Our sponsors” for when we get some. 


SITE MAP
All Pages: 
	Header: Logo, Home, About Us, Events, Our Beers, Our brewery, Get in Touch, Search bar, English/French
	Footer: Image of hops, Logo, newsletter sign up (html form), address, contact us, copyright, social media handle with logos 


Home Page: 
Body: Trade show circuit with button, sustainability mention with button, brewery and taproom with button, on tap with button, social feed with images
	


About Us: 
Body: Our story, Our mission, Our commitment to sustainable brewing, eco logos of certifications, buttons linking to brewery and beer

Trade Shows: 
Body: Date toggle at top that swipes to event on that date with event preview, event list, button to buy tickets 

Brewery: 
Body: description, tours, map with a visit us 

Products: 
Body: beer with toggle for slide show, the GreenBrewBros promise, button to learn more about mission 

Contact Page: 
-address
-phone number
-hours
-google maps screenshot
-email
-comment form to leave a message (html form)



Fonts and Colours:

Headings: Heebo Medium
Body: Cairo Light
Colours: 
#064635 (dark forests green)
#F5F5F5 (off white)
#DBBB85 (sand)
#BCD6D5 (baby blue) 



Initial Meeting:

·       Video on homepage could be a good idea (like fourwinds brewing)
·       How to differentiate the four different trade shows: beer focused trade shows, farmer’s market local business trade show, eco-friendly business trade show, sustainable brewing trade show
·       About, our story pages, 
·       Each group member will make a wireframe for the homepage and we will reconvene to make a final decision on the design



Notes on our wireframes: 

- videos or images (slideshow) at the top 
- I like the calendar widget (sometimes they can we problematic- no) 
- see how we’re making a difference button. 
- “organic local sustainable” 
- discussion: products before trade shows?? 
- can we actually sell? 
- are we looking for sponsors or customers? 
 - this isn’t e-commerce 
- NO calendar widget 
- Socials news feed!! (We like this) 
- search logo 
- blocks of large images to fill up page (our brewery and pub) 
- newsletter in large image 
- blurb abut environmentalism with “see how we’re making a difference” 
- scrap “our mission” from home page, but allude to it. 
- fixed header - snap scroll 
- Where should be have our contact information? - both. 
- logo dips down into video - pops back up as we scroll. 

Notes on our mockups:
-All headings should be in lower case
-We are getting rid of the one green (#41644A)
-Unifying headers and footers 
- Using the wispier logo 
- adding address to our footer 
-background will be off-white




